Good afternoon. My colleagues and I are strongly committed to bringing inflation back down to our 2 percent goal. We have both the tools that we need and the resolve it will take to restore price stability on behalf of American families and businesses. Price stability is the responsibility of the Federal Reserve and serves as the bedrock of our economy. Without pric estability, the economy does not work for anyone. In particular, without price stability, we will not achieve asustained period of strong labor market conditions that benefit all. Today, the FOMC raised our policy interest rate by 75 basis point s. And we continue to anticipate that ongoing increases will be appropriate. We are moving our policy stance purposefully to alevel that will be sufficiently restrictive to return inflation to 2 percent. In addition, we are continuing the process of significantly reducing the size of our balance sheet. Restoring price stability will likely require maintaining arestrictive stance of policy for some time. I will have more to say about today’smonetary policy actions after briefly reviewing economic development s. The U.S. economy ha sslow ed significantly from last year’srapid pace. Real GDP rose at apace of 2.6 percent last quarter but is unchanged so far this year. R ecent indicators point to modest growth of spending and production this quarter . Growth in consumer spending has slowed from last year’srapid pace, in part reflecting lower real disposable income and tighter financial conditions. Activity in the housing sector has weakened significantly , largely reflecting higher mortgage rates. Higher intere st rates and slower output growth also appear to be weighing on business fixed investment . Despite the slowdown in growth, the labor market remains extremely tight, with the Job gains have been robust, with employment rising by an average of 289,000 jobs per month over August and September. Although job vacancies have moved below their highs and the pace of job gains has slowed from earlier in the year, the labor market continues to be out of balance, with demand substantially exceeding the supply of available workers. The labor force participation rate is little changed since the beginning of the year . Inflation remains well above our longer-run goal of 2 percent. Over the 12 months ending in September , total PCE prices rose 6.2 percent; excluding the volatile food and energy categories, core PCE prices rose 5.1 percent. And the recent inflation data again have come in higher than expected. Price pressures remain evident across abroad range of goods and services. Russia’swar against Ukraine has boosted prices for energy and food and has created additional upward pressure on inflation. Despite elevated inflation, longer- term inflation expectations appear to remain well anchored, as reflected in abroad range of surveys of households, businesses, and forecasters, a swell as measures from financial market s. But that is not grounds for complacency; the longer the current bout of high inflation continues, the greater the chance that expectations of higher inflation will become entrenched. The Fed’smonetary policy actions are guided by our mandate to promote maximum employment and stable prices for the American people. My colleagues and I are acutely aware that high inflation imposes significant hardship as it erodes purchasing power, especially for those least abl eto meet the higher costs of essentials like food, housing, and transportation. We At today’smeeting , the Committee raised the target range for the federal funds rate by 75 basis point s. And we are continuing the process of significantly reducing the size of our balance sheet, which plays an important role in firming the stance of mone tary policy. With today’saction, we have raised interest rates by 3 ¾ percentage points this year. W eanticipate that ongoing increases in the target range for the federal funds rate will be appropriate in order to attain astance of monetary policy that is sufficiently restrictive to return inflation to 2 percent over time. Financial conditions have tightened significantly in response to our policy actions, and we are seeing the effects on demand in the most interest -rate-sensitive sectors of the economy, such as housing. It will take time, however, for the full effects of monetary restraint to be realized, especially on inflation. That’swhy we say in our statement that i ndetermining the pace of future increases in the target range , we will take into account the cumulative tightening of monetary policy and the lags with which monetary policy affects economic activity and inflation . At some point —as I’ve said in the last two press conferences—it will become appropriate to slow the pace of increases as we approach the level of interest rates that will be sufficiently restrictive to bring inflation down to our 2 percent goal. There is significant uncertainty around that level of interest rates. Even so, we still have some ways to go, and incoming data since our last meeting suggest that the ultimate level of interest rates will be higher than previously expected. Our decisions will depend on the totality of incoming data and their implications for the outlook for economic activity and in flation. W ewill continue to make our decisions meeting by meeting and communicate our thinking as clearly as possible. We are taking forceful steps to moderate demand so that it comes into better alignment with supply. Our overarching focus is using our tools to bring inflation back down to our is likely to require asustained period of below -trend growth and some softening of labor market conditions. Restor ing price stability is essential to set the stage for achieving maximum employment and stable prices in the longer run. The historical record cautions strongly against prematurely loosening policy. We will stay the course until the job is done . To conclude : We understand that our actions affect communities, families, and businesses across the country. Everything we do is in service to our public mission. We at the Fed will do everything we can to achieve our maximum -employment and price -stability goals.