Good afternoon. My colleagues and I remain squarely focused on achieving our dual -mandate goals of maximum employment and stable prices for the benefit of the American people. Despite heightened uncertainty, the economy is still in asolid position. The unemployment rate remains low, and the labor market is at or near maximum employment. Inflation has come down agreat deal but has been running somewhat above our 2 percent longer - run objective. In support of our goals, today the Federal Open Market Committee decided to leave our policy interest rate unchanged. The risks of higher unemployment and higher inflation appear to have risen, and we believe that the current stance of monetary policy leaves us well positioned to respond in atimely way to potential economic developments. I will have more to say about monetary policy after briefly reviewing economic developments. [Cough] Pardon me. Following growth of 2.5 percent last year, GDP was reported to have edged down in the first quarter, reflecting swings in net exports that were likely driven by businesses bringing in imports ahead of potential tariffs. This unusual swing complicated GDP measurement last quarter. Private domestic final purchases, or PDFP —which excludes net exports, inventory investment, and government spending—grew at asolid 3 percent rate in the first quarter, the same as last year ’space. Within PDFP, growth of consum er spending moderated while 155,000 per month over the past three months. The unemployment rate, at 4.2 percent, remains low and has stayed in anarrow range for the past year. Wage growth has continued to moderate , while still outpacing inflation. Overall, awide set of indicators suggests that conditions in the labor market are broadly in balance and consistent with maximum employment. The labor market is not asource of significant inflationary pre ssures. Inflation has eased significantly from its highs in mid -2022 but remains somewhat elevated relative to our 2 percent longer- run goal. Total PCE prices rose 2.3 percent over the 12 months ending in March; excluding the volatile food and energy categories, core PCE prices rose 2.6 percent. Near -term measures of inflation expectations have moved up, as reflected in both market - and survey -based measures. Survey respondents, including consumers, businesses, and professional forecasters, point to tariffs as the driving factor. Beyond the next year or so, however, most measures of longer -term expectations remain consistent with our 2 percent inflation goal. Our monetary policy actions are guided by our dual mandate to promote maximum employment and stable prices for the American people. At today ’smeeting, the Committee decided to maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 4 ¼ to 4 ½ percent and to continue reducing the size of the balance sheet. The new Administration is in the process of implementing substantial policy changes in four distinct areas: trade, immigration, fiscal policy, and regulation. The tariff increases announced so far have been significantly larger than anticipated. All of these policies are still evolving, however, and their effects on the economy remain highly uncertain. As eco nomic conditions evolve, we ’ll continue to determine the appropriate stance of monetary policy based generate arise in inflation, aslowdown in economic growth, and an increase in unemployment. The effects on inflation could be short lived , reflecting aone -time shift in the price level . It is also possible that the inflationary effects could instead be more persistent . Avoiding that outcome will depend on the size of the tariffs ’ effect —tariff effects, on how long it takes for them to pass through fully into prices, and, ultimately, on keeping longer -term inflation expectations well anchored. Our obligation is to keep longer -term inflation expectations well anchored and to prevent aone -time increase in the price level from becoming an ongoing inflation problem. As we act to meet that obligation, we ’ll balance our maximum -employment and price -stability mandates, keeping in mind that, without price stability, we cannot achieve the long periods of strong labor market conditions that benefit all Americans. We may find ourselves in the challenging scenario in which our dual -mandate goals are in tension. If that were to occur, we would consider how far the economy is from each goal, and the potentially different time horizons over which those respective gaps would be anticipated to close. For the time being, we ’re well positioned to wait for greater clarity before considering any adjustments to our policy stance. At this meeting, the Committee continued its discussions as part of our five -year review of our monetary policy framework. We focused on inflation dynamics and the implications for our monetary policy strategy. Our review includes outreach and public eve nts involving awide range of parties, including Fed Listens events around the country and aresearch conference next week. Throughout this process, we ’re open to new ideas and critical feedback, and we will take stable prices. We remain committed to supporting maximum employment, bringing inflation sustainably to our 2 percent goal, and keeping longer -term inflation expectations well anchored. Our success in delivering on these goals matters to all Americans. We understand that our actions affect communities, families, and businesses across the country. Everything we do is in service to our public mission. We at the Fed will do ever ything we can to achieve our maximum -employment and price -stability goals.