Good afternoon, and welcome. My colleagues and I understand the hardship that high inflation is causing, and we are strongly committed to bringing inflation back down to our 2 percent goal. Over the past year, we have taken forceful actions to tighten th estance of monetary policy. We have covered alot of ground, and the full effects of our rapid tightening so far are yet to be felt. Even so, we have more work to do. Price stability is the responsibility of the Federal Reserve and serves as the bedrock of our economy. Without price stability, the economy does not work for anyone. In particular, without price stability, we will not achieve asustained period of labor market conditions that benefit all . Today, the FOMC raised our policy interest rate b y 25 basis point s. We continue to anticipate that ongoing increases will be appropriate in order to attain astance of monetary policy that is sufficiently restrictive to return inflation to 2 percent over time . In addition, we are continuing the process of significantly reducing the size of our balance sheet. Restoring price stability will likely require maintaining arestrictive stance for some time. I will have more to say about today’smonetary policy actions after briefly reviewing economic develop ments. The U.S. economy slow ed significantly last year, with real GDP rising at abelow -trend pace of 1 percent. R ecent indicators point to modest growth of spending and production this quarter . Consumer spending appears to be expanding at asubdued pace , in part reflecting tighter financial conditions over the past year . Activity in the housing sector continues to weaken, largely reflecting higher mortgage rates. Higher interest rates and slower output growth also appear to be weighing on business fixe dinvestment . Despite the slowdown in growth, the labor market remains extremely tight, with the Job gains have been robust, with employment rising by an average of 247,000 jobs per month over the last three months . Although the pace of job gains has slowed over the course of the past year and nominal wage growth has shown some signs of easing, the labor market continues to be out of balance. Labor demand substantially exceed sthe supply of available workers , and the labor force participation rate ha schange dlittle from ayear ago . Inflation remains well above our longer-run goal of 2 percent. Over the 12 months ending in December, total PCE prices rose 5.0 percent; excluding the volatile food and energy categories, core PCE prices rose 4.4 percent. The inflation data received over the past three months show awelcome reduction in the monthly pace of increases. And, while recent developments are encouraging, we will need substantially more evidence to be confident that inflation is on asustained downward path. Despite elevat ed inflation, longer- term inflation expectations appear to remain well anchored, as reflected in abroad range of surveys of households, businesses, and forecasters, a swell as measures from financial market s. But that’snot grounds for complacency. Alth ough inflation has moderated recently, it remains too high. The longer the current bout of high inflation continues, the greater the chance that expectations of higher inflation will become entrenched . The Fed’smonetary policy actions are guided by our mandate to promote maximum employment and stable prices for the American people. My colleagues and I are acutely aware that high inflation imposes significant hardship , as it erodes purchasing power , especially for At today’smeeting , the Committee raised the target range for the federal funds rate by 25 basis point s, bringing the target range to 4½ to 4 ¾ percent. And we are continuing the process of significantly reducing the size of our balance sheet. With today’saction, we have raised interes trates by 4 ½ percentage points over the past year. W econtinue to anticipate that ongoing increases in the target range for the federal funds rate will be appropriate in order to attain astance of monetary policy that is sufficiently restrictive to return inflation to 2 percent over time. We are seeing the effects of our policy actions on demand in the most interest -sensitive sectors of the economy, particularly housi ng. It will take time, however, for the full effects of monetary restraint to be realized, especially on inflation. In light of the cumulative tightening of monetary policy and the lags with which monetary policy affects economic activity and inflation , the Committee decided to raise interest rates by 25 basis points today, continuing the step- down from last year’srapid pace of increases. Shifting to aslower pace will better allow the Committee to assess the economy ’sprogress toward our goals as we de termine the extent of future increases that will be required to attain asufficiently restrictive stance. We will continue to make our decisions meeting by meeting, taking into account the totality of incoming data and their implications for the outlook for economic activity and inflation. We have been taking forceful steps to moderate demand so that it comes into better alignment with supply . Our overarching focus is using our tools to bring inflation back down to our 2 percent goal and to keep longer -term inflation expectations well anchored . Reducing inflation is likely to require aperiod of below -trend growth and some softening of labor market employment and st able prices over the longer run. The historical record cautions strongly against prematurely loosening policy. We will stay the course, until the job is done . To conclude, we understand that our actions affect communities, families, and businesses across the country. Everything we do is in service to our public mission. We at the Fed will do everything we can to achieve our maximum -employment and price -stability goals.