Good afternoon . My colleagues and I remain squarely focused on achieving our dual -mandate goals of maximum employment and stable prices for the benefit of the American people . The economy is strong overall and has made significant progress toward our goals over the past two years . Labor market conditions are solid, and inflation has moved closer to our 2 percent longer -run goal, though it remains somewhat elevated. In support of our goals, today the Federal Open Market Committee decided to leave our policy interest rate unchanged. We also made the technical decision to slow the pace of decline in the size of our balance sheet . I’ll have more to say about these decisions after briefly reviewing economic developments. Economic activity continued to expand at asolid pace in the fourth quarter of last year, with GDP rising at 2.3 percent. Recent indications , however, point to amoderation in consumer spending following the rapid growth seen over the second half of 2024. Surveys of households and businesses point to heightened uncertainty about the economic outlook. It remains to be seen how these developments might affect future spending and investment. In our Summary of Economic Projections, the median participant pr ojects GDP to rise 1.7 percent this year, somewhat lower than projected in December, and to rise abit below 2 percent over the next two years. In the labor market, conditions remain solid. Payroll job gains averaged 200,000 per month over the past three months. The unemployment rate, at 4.1 percent, remains low and has held in anarrow range for the past year. The jobs -to-workers gap has held steady for several market are broadly in balance. The labor market is not asource of significant inflationary pressures. The median projection for the unemployment rate in the SEP is 4.4 percent at the end of this year and 4.3 percent over the next two years. Inflation has eased significantly over the past two years but remains somewhat elevated relative to our 2 percent longer -run goal. Estimates based on the consumer price index and other data indicate that total PCE prices rose 2.5 percent over the 12 months ending in February and that, excluding the volatile food and energy categories, core PCE prices rose 2.8 percent. Some near-term measures of inflation expectations have recently moved up. We see this in both market- and survey- based measures, and surve yrespondents, both consumers and businesses, are mentioning tariffs as adriving factor. Beyond the next year or so, however, most measures of longer -term expectations remain consistent with our 2 percent inflation goal. The median projection in the SEP for total PCE inflation is 2.7 percent this year and 2.2 percent next year, alittle higher than projected in December. In 2027, the median projection is at our 2 percent objective. Our monetary policy actions are guided by our dual mandate to promote maximum employment and stable prices for the American people. At today ’smeeting, the Committee decided to maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 4 ¼ to 4 ½ percent. Looking ahead, the new Administration is in the process of implementing significant policy changes in four distinct areas: trade, immigration, fiscal policy, and regulation. It is the net effect of these policy changes that will matter for the economy and for the path of monetary policy. While there we say in our statement, in considering the extent and timing of additional adjustments to the target range for the federal funds rate, the Committee will assess incoming data, the evolving outlook, and the balance of risks. We do not need to be in ahurry to adjust our policy stance, and we are well positioned to wait for greater clarity. In our SEP, FOMC participants wrote down their individual assessments of an appropriate path for the federal funds rate, based on what each participant judges to be the most likely scenario going forward—an admittedly challenging exercise at this time in light of considerable uncertainty. The median participant projects that the appropriate level of the federal funds rate will be 3.9 percent at the end of this year and 3.4 percent at the end of next year, unchanged from December. While these individual fo recasts are always subject to uncertainty, as I noted, uncertainty today is unusually elevated. And, of course, these projections are not a Committee plan or adecision. Policy is not on apreset course. As the economy evolves, we will adjust our policy stance in amanner that best promotes our maximum -employment and price -stability goals. If the economy remains strong and inflation does not continue to move sustainably toward 2 percent, we can maintain policy restraint for longer. If the labor market were to weaken unexpectedly or inflation were to fall more quickly than anticipated, we can ease policy accordingly. Our current policy stance is well positioned to deal with the risks and uncertainties that we face in pursuing both sides of our dual mandate. At today’ smeeting, we also decided to slow the pace of decline in our balance sheet. Since we began balance sheet runoff, our securities holdings have declined by more than $2 trillion. While market indicators continue to suggest that the quantity of reserves remains April, the monthly cap on Treasury redemptions will be lowered from $25 billion to $5 billion. Consistent with the Committee ’sintention to hold primarily Treasury securities in the longer run, we are leaving the cap on agency securities unchanged. This action has no implications for our intended stance of monetary policy and should not affect the size of our balance sheet over the medium term. The Committee also continued its discussions as part of our five -year review of our monetary policy framework. At this meeting, we focused on labor market dynamics and our maximum -employment goal. As we have indicated, our review will include outreach and public events involving awide range of parties, including Fed Listens events around the country and aresearch conference in May. Throughout this process, we will be open to new ideas and critical feedback, and we will take on board lessons of the last five years in determining our findings . We intend to wrap up the review by late summer. The Fed has been assigned two goals for monetary policy : maximum employment and stable prices. We remain committed to supporting maximum employment, bringing inflation sustainably to our 2 percent goal, and keeping longer -term inflation expectations well anchored. Our success in delivering on these goals matters to all Americans. We understand that our actions affect communities, families, and businesses across the country. Everything we do is in service to our public mission. We at the Fed will do ev erything we can to achieve our maximum -employment and price -stability goals.