So we ’ve had three months of , of favorable inflation readings since the high readings of January and February, and that ’s, of course , highly welcome news. Part of that just is that services , core services —both housing services and nonhousing services have really been grinding down toward levels that are —that are consistent with 2 percent inflation. So that’sthe good news. We’ ve had goods inflation just moving up abit, and, of course , we expect —as you—as you point out , we, we do expect to see more of that over the course of the summer. It takes some time for tariffs to work their way through the chain of distribution to the end consumer. A good example of that would be , goods being sold at retailers today may have been imported several months ago—before tariffs were imposed —so we ’re beginning to see some effects . And we do expect to see more of them over coming months. We do —we do also see price increases in some of the relevant categories like personal computers and audio -visual equipment —things like that that are attributable to tariff increases. In addition, we look at surveys of businesses, and there , there are many of those . And, and, you, you do see arange of of tariffs through to the next , next person in the —in the chain and, ultimately , to the consumer. Today—you know, the amount of these —the , the amount of the tariff effects, the size of the tariff effects, their duration , and the time it will take are all highly uncertain . So that , that is why we think the appropriate thing to do is to hold where we are as we learn more, and we think our policy stance is , is in agood place —where we ’re well positioned to react to incoming developments. COLBY SMITH. So in terms of how we should interpret the rate cuts penciled into the SEP, is this reflecting that there ’sthis expectation that underlying inflation will just stay well enough contained that allows the Committee to eventually move ahead with those cuts? Or is it about , you know, responding to adeterioration in economic activity, let ’ssay? I mean, how should we make sense of the forecast? CHAIR POWELL. So if you look at the forecast, you will see that people do generally expect inflation to move up and then to come back down. But we can ’tjust assume that . Of course , we don ’tknow that, and, you know, our, our job is to make sure —one of our jobs —to make sure that aone -time increase in inflation doesn ’tturn into an inflation problem. And that , again —that will depend on the size of the effects, how long it takes for them to come in, and , and, ultimately , on, on keeping inflation expectat ions anchored. MICHELLE SMITH. Howard. HOWARD SCHNEIDER. Hi, and thanks , Chair Powell. Howard Schneider with Reuters. If you look at the , the rate path starting in December to today and adjust it over the full time horizon you’ ve got there, you’ ve taken about ¼ point per year out of your projected path. And you end at ahigher rate in end- 2027 than you were —would have in the prior forecast. Is reassessments of where your short -term neutral rate is? Is it—why , why are you on aslower path now? CHAIR POWELL. So I would focus most on the —on the nearer term . As you think —as you get out to the —to the later years, it ’shard to —it’ shard for anybody to know where the economy is going. You didn’ tsee people moving their longer -term, you know, estimate of the neutral rate, for example, at this meeting. So —and those things are probably slow moving. So I think—I think if you look at what ’shappening here since March —this is since March, right? — you see alittle slower growth, just atiny tick up, one-tenth tick up, in , in unemployment, and you see inflation moving up three -tenths . And by the way, it was —it was asimilar move from the December SEP to the March. So that ’swhat you see . You see the , the effects of tariffs. I think we learned in April, after the March meeting, that substantially higher tariffs were likely, and then since then, the estimates of where the tariffs will be have actually moved back down, although still at an elevated level. So we’re adapting in real time, and what you see is , you know, an, an accumulation of individual assessments. HOWARD SCHNEIDER. Okay, but you say in the statement that risks have diminished on that front, but the July 9, you know, drop- dead date for all the , the Liberation Day tariffs is still out there and unresolved. You ’ve got now an exchange of missiles between two Middle East adversaries, with apossible U.S. involvement —how can you justify saying that risks have diminished? CHAIR POWELL. So what we said was that uncertainty has, has —uncertainty about the economic outlook has diminished but remains elevated. Many, many surveys say that. They do. So—and, and, that ’s—that’sactually aline from the Tealbook, which you can see in five years. HOWARD SCHNEIDER. Maybe the world will be over by then. [Laughter] CHAIR POWELL. No —but if you think of that, tariff uncertainty —uncertainty really peaked in April and since then has come down. And that ’s—that’sreally what that’ sjust acknowledging. It’ sdiminished but still elevated —that it’ suncertainty. So I think that ’san accurate statement. MICHELLE SMITH. Chris Rugaber. CHRIS TOPHER RUGABER.